Fetch configs from general source (#214)
elasticpath/react-pwa-reference-storefront: README.md

### Setting up a Production Environment
1. Clone or pull the `react-pwa-reference-storefront` repository to your directory.
2. Navigate to the `react-pwa-reference-storefront` directory.
3. Add any custom configurations to the Dockerfile, Docker Compose file, and Nginx Configuration file
    1. Provide any custom configurations you would like passed into your Docker container at runtime directly below the existing `RUN jq` command. One has bee provided to you as an example. Be sure to maintain the prefix of `NGINX_REPLACE_` for your custom configuration.
    **Note:** You must use jq syntax for the command. More information on jq is availble [here](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/).

>     2. Update the `./docker/prod/nginx.conf` file to include the new configuration directly below the existing one by adding a new `sub_filter` statement with your configuration within the configuration block. Be sure to expose this value with a more generic value, which will be used for the environment variable in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Update the `./docker/prod/nginx.conf` file with the new configuration by adding a new `sub_filter` statement within the configuration block below the existing configuration. 
    
    Use a generic value, which is used for the environment variable in the next step, for the configuration.
```

>     3. Update the `./docker/prod/docker-compose.yaml` file to include your environment configuration variable from step 2 into the `environment` block, and set it to the value you desire to pass into your container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. In the `./docker/prod/docker-compose.yaml` file, add the environment configuration variable within the `environment` block and set a value to add in the container.
```

> 3. Build a Production Docker Image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build a Production Docker Image by performing the following:
```

    1. Run the `docker build -t ep-store -f ./docker/prod/Dockerfile .` command.

>     2. Push the `ep-store` image to the docker repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Push the `ep-store` image to the Docker repository.
```

> 4. Run a Production Docker Image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run a Production Docker Image, by performing the following :
```

    1. Navigate to the `docker/prod/` directory.<br>
    2. In the `docker-compose.yaml` file, update the following parameters:

>         * `$DOCKER_REPO` with `ep-store`.

Reviewer: Use a table here

Parameter                             Value 
`$DOCKER_REPO`              `ep-store`
`$CORTEX_URL`                  The Cortex server URL.
`$AUTHSERVICE_URL`        The Cortex Account Management service URL. (This  parameter is required for all scenarios. For a B2C storefront, set this value to the`$CORTEX_URL` parameter).

`$DOMAIN`                             The domain name without `http://`.       

use table for all the parameters

        * `$SSL_KEY_PATH` with the path of the private key in the remote server.<br>
        For example, `/etc/letsencrypt/live/reference.elasticpath.com/privkey.pem`. <br>
        **Note:** You can use the certificate generated by any certificate provider, such as [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org).
        * `$CORTEX_API_SCOPE` with the name of the store from which Cortex retrieves data.

>     3. Run the following Docker command to start the Docker container created for the Docker image:<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. To start the Docker container created for the Docker image, run the following Docker command:
```
